Rename contributions guide, update doc, PR template. (#689)
openconfig/public: .github/pull_request_template.md

[Note: Please fill out the following template for your pull request. lines
tagged with "Note" can be removed from the template.]

[Note: Before this PR can be reviewed please agree to the CLA covering this
repo. Please also review the contribution guide -
https://github.com/openconfig/public/blob/master/doc/external-contributions-guide.md]

### Change Scope

* [Please briefly describe the change that is being made to the models.]
* [Please indicate whether this change is backwards compatible.]

> 

Reviewer: * [Note: Consider adding a snippet of pyang output showing the model changes.  This can be in tree or flattened format.  Be sure to include yang augments that affect the model output.]

```suggestion

```

### Platform Implementations

 * Implementation A: [link to documentation](http://foo.com) and/or
   implementation output.
 * Implementation B: [link to documentation](http://foo.com) and/or
   implementation output.

> [Note: Implementation A and B should be from separate companies.]. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Note: Please provide at least two references to implementations which are relevant to the model changes proposed.  Each implementation should be from separate organizations.]. 
```
